'\" t
.\" Copyright (c) 2018 Pablo Marcos
.\"
.\" %%%LICENSE_START(GPLv3+_DOC_FULL)
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, see
.\" <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\" %%%LICENSE_END
.\"
.\" Modified, Wed Sep 5 2018
.\"
.TH "btweet filter" 7 2018-09-05 btweet "btweet manual"
.SH NAME
btweet filter \- Manage filters to proccess the tweets
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.PP
.B btweet filter \ default\ [-h]
.br
.B btweet filter <filter> [-h] [-a ADD | -d DELETE]
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Manage the filters to process the tweets. There are 5 filters:
.RS 2
.PP
.B Track list
.RS 4
List use to stream tweets, will search for tweets that contains all the words of
an entry of the list. If there are a coincidence of one of the entries the tweet
will be processed.
.RE
.PP
.B Ignore list
.RS 4
The tweet will be ignored if contains any of the words of the list.
.RE
.PP
.B Follow list
.RS 4
The author of the tweet will be follow if it contains any of the
words of the list.
.RE
.PP
.B User list
.RS 4
List of users that will be ignored. The owner of the account will be ignored
automatically.
.RE
.PP
.B Fav list
.RS 4
The tweet will be faved if contains any of the words of the list.
.RE
.RE
.SH OPTIONS
.B <filter>
.RS 6
Name of filter to change, if "default" is passed restores the values by default
as a giveaway bot. The available filters are "track_list", "ignore_list",
"follow_list", "fav_list", "user_list".
.PP
If the options
.B -a
or
.B -d
are not specified the filter selected will be printed.
.RE
.PP
.B -h
.RS 6
Show command line help
.RE
.PP
.B -a ADD
.RS 6
Add a word or expression to the selected filter list
.RE
.PP
.B -d DELETE
.RS 6
Delete a word or expression to the selected filter list
.RE
.SH BUGS
If you find a bug I will appreciate if you report it opening an issue in
.I https://github.com/pablomm/btweet/issues/new
or send a message to the email provided.
.SH AUTHOR
Pablo Marcos <pablo.marcosm@estudiante.uam.es>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "btweet" (7) ,
.BR "btweet auth" (7),
.BR "btweet get" (7) ,
.BR "btweet help" (7) ,
.BR "btweet run" (7) ,
.BR "btweet set" (7) ,
.BR "btweet start" (7) ,
.BR "btweet stats" (7) ,
.BR "btweet stop" (7) ,
