'\" t
.\" Copyright (c) 2018 Pablo Marcos
.\"
.\" %%%LICENSE_START(GPLv3+_DOC_FULL)
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, see
.\" <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\" %%%LICENSE_END
.\"
.\" Modified, Wed Sep 5 2018
.\"
.TH "btweet" 7 2018-09-05 btweet "btweet manual"
.SH NAME
btweet \- Customizable twitter bot
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.PP
.BR btweet \ [ -h ] \ <command> \ [ <args> ]
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Btweet provides a command line tool to customize and launch your own twitter bot.
.PP
The bot can stream twitter searching for multiple lists of words. The tweets
processed could be filtered using a list of words or expressions forbidden
or could be excluded the original tweets or quoted ones. Could be configured too
when fav a tweet or follow the author.
.PP
By default is configured as a giveaway bot, that searches for RT giveaways and
try to entry making RT, FAV and Follow when is needed.
.PP
The following commands are available:
.PP
.RS 2
.B btweet auth [-h] [-a | -d | -f FILE]
.br
.RS 12
Manage the twitter credentials
.RE
.PP
.B btweet get [-h] [option]
.br
.RS 12
Get the value of an option
.RE
.PP
.B btweet help [-h] [<command>]
.br
.RS 12
Get help about a command
.RE
.PP
.B btweet run [-h] [-v]
.br
.RS 12
Run the bot
.RE
.PP
.B btweet set [-h] option [value]
.br
.RS 12
Set the value of an option
.RE
.PP
.B btweet start [-h]
.br
.RS 12
Start the bot proccess in background mode
.RE
.PP
.B btweet stats [-h] stat
.br
.RS 12
Generate different statistics.
.RE
.PP
.B btweet stop [-h]
.br
.RS 12
Stop the bot launched with the start command
.RE
.PP
.B btweet filter [-h] <filter_name> [<args>]
.br
.RS 12
Show and modify filters list
.RE
.RE
.PP
To get extended information use the
.B btweet help
command.
.SH BUGS
If you find a bug I will appreciate if you report it opening an issue in
.I https://github.com/pablomm/btweet/issues/new
or send a message to the email provided.
.SH AUTHOR
Pablo Marcos <pablo.marcosm@estudiante.uam.es>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "btweet auth" (7) ,
.BR "btweet filter" (7) ,
.BR "btweet get" (7) ,
.BR "btweet help" (7) ,
.BR "btweet run" (7) ,
.BR "btweet set" (7) ,
.BR "btweet start" (7) ,
.BR "btweet stats" (7) ,
.BR "btweet stop" (7)
