'\" t
.\" Copyright (c) 2018 Pablo Marcos
.\"
.\" %%%LICENSE_START(GPLv3+_DOC_FULL)
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, see
.\" <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\" %%%LICENSE_END
.\"
.\" Modified, Wed Sep 5 2018
.\"
.TH "btweet auth" 7 2018-09-05 btweet "btweet manual"
.SH NAME
btweet auth \- Manage the credentials to connect with twitter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.PP
.B btweet auth [-h] [-a | -d | -f FILE]
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Manage the credentials to connect with twitter. You will need 4 credentials:
API key, API secret key, Access token and Access secret token. If you do not
have them go to
.I https://developer.twitter.com/
and create and app.
.SH OPTIONS
.RS 2
.B -h
.br
.RS 12
Show command line help
.RE
.PP
.B -a
.br
.RS 12
The app will request the credentials via terminal
.RE
.PP
.B -d
.br
.RS 12
Delete the credentials stored
.RE
.PP
.B -f FILE
.br
.RS 12
Introduce the credentials stored in a json file with the fields "consumer_key",
"consumer_secret", "access_token" and "access_secret_token"
.RE
.RE
.SH BUGS
If you find a bug I will appreciate if you report it opening an issue in
.I https://github.com/pablomm/btweet/issues/new
or send a message to the email provided.
.SH AUTHOR
Pablo Marcos <pablo.marcosm@estudiante.uam.es>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "btweet" (7) ,
.BR "btweet filter" (7),
.BR "btweet get" (7) ,
.BR "btweet help" (7) ,
.BR "btweet run" (7) ,
.BR "btweet set" (7) ,
.BR "btweet start" (7) ,
.BR "btweet stats" (7) ,
.BR "btweet stop" (7) ,
